Docs: help new contributors avoid "command not found" errors (#1384)
starlite-api/starlite: CONTRIBUTING.rst

3. If you're working on the documentation and need to build it locally, install the extra dependencies with ``poetry install --with docs``
4. Install `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_
5. Run ``pre-commit install`` to install pre-commit hooks

> 6. Optional: Run ``poetry shell`` to activate the Python virtual environment created by poetry so that you do not have to prefix commands with ``poetry run ..`` in your current shell session

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Optional: If not done automatically by your IDE, run ``poetry shell`` to activate the virtual environment created in step 2
```

Something along those lines would also work. Wdyt?

4. Install `pre-commit <https://pre-commit.com/>`_
5. Run ``pre-commit install`` to install pre-commit hooks

> .. tip::

Reviewer: Does this render properly on GitHub?

If not, just use a subsection or bold text. It's not as pretty on our page but it should work when viewed on GitHub as well since it's linked there

Author: For some definition of "properly" :stuck_out_tongue: You can see how this looks at https://github.com/starlite-api/starlite/blob/77c56f795b1bdcbc5d94490c22f4331923f59cc4/CONTRIBUTING.rst.

It's unstyled, but much better than say, admonitions for MkDocs would be which GitHub doesn't support at all.

Happy to change this to regular rst without the directive if you feel this still looks too badly on plain GitHub previews. Let me know what you'd prefer! :smile:

Reviewer: Okay, it's good enough so we can keep it.

>   Many modern IDEs like PyCharm or VS Code will enable the poetry-managed virtualenv that is created in step 2 for you automatically.

Author: This is not a statement of endorsement for either, but I think these are the most well-known/commonly used IDEs and mentioning their names explicitly may help people who are really new to software development and might not recognize the term IDE.

>   If you're not using such an IDE then you will need to manually activate the virtualenv yourself otherwise you will encounter *"Command not found"* errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If your IDE / editor does not offer this functionality, then you will need to manually activate the virtualenv yourself. Otherwise you may encounter errors or unexpected behaviour when trying to run the commands referenced within this document.
```

Making it a bit less specific.

>   The easiest way to activate this virtualenv is by running ``poetry shell``, as described at `Using your virtual environment <https://python-poetry.org/docs/basic-usage/#using-your-virtual-environment>`_ in poetry's documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The easiest way to activate this virtualenv manually is by running ``poetry shell``, as described at `Using your virtual environment <https://python-poetry.org/docs/basic-usage/#using-your-virtual-environment>`_ in poetry's documentation.
```

and this a bit more specific :stuck_out_tongue:
